suite: rename disable-num-jobs-check to job-threshold (#1660)
ceph/teuthology: docs/siteconfig.rst

    pelagos:
      endpoint: http://head.ses.suse.de:5000/
      machine_types: ['type1', 'type2', 'type3']

>     # Do not allow user to schedule that many jobs by default.

Reviewer: Mentioning the user could be interpreted as some sort of per-user quota or limit.  Stress that it is per-run:
```suggestion
    # Do not allow more than that many jobs in a single run by default.
```
